ivory+coral+bone=dragonscale

Pills
-----
con yellow  Mandrake
int blue    H'Cliz
dex magenta Boneset
wis cyan    Jaslah
str red     Blood Moss
cha green   Mystic Carrot

+15 -wacky dust-
+14 -candy cane-
+13 56min   -space cowboy-
+12 -bubble gum-
+10 55min   -yoda-
+9  -gutter glitter-


Modify ammunition
-----------------
-- horns are sharp and tough, removing all 'special' damage

mana -- crystalline plants are full of magical energy 
fire -- 'fire' material burns forever
cold -- 'ice' material is always frozen
poison -- h'cliz leaves are filled with lethal toxins
electric -- tungsten material is an electrical power source
asphyxiation -- death cap toadstools have choking spores
psionic -- brain juices carry psionic effects
acid -- stomach acids can eat into flesh

Chest hull desc
---------------
It looks totally incomplete.
The basic structure is forming up.
It slightly resembles a chest.
It is missing a lid.
It is still quite shaky.
It looks like a small chest but it could be so much more.
It does not look quite safe yet.
The base looks strong now, but the lid is still quite weak.
The chest is looking much larger.
The construction looks bigger and bigger.
The structure is now stronger than ever before.
The chest looks big enough to hold out several equipments.
The extra material has made the chest almost impossible to breach.
The chest construction looks quite large and safe.
The extra material in support-structure guarantees quality.
The chest looks just perfect and there is very little unfinished.
The construction looks very big and sturdy.

Chest reinforcement desc
------------------------
The reinforcement looks totally incomplete
The reinforcement is still quite weak.
The structure looks much stronger because of the reinforcement.
The reinforcement still lacks quality.
The reinforcement looks fine but it could be improved.
The reinforced chest looks quite sturdy now.
It would be a pain to force through the reinforcements.
Just a final touch and the reinforcement is fully complete.

Chest lock desc
---------------
The lock looks totally imcomplete.
It slightly resembles a chest lock but much needs to be done.
The basic structure is forming up quite nicely.
The inner structure looks almost completed.
The lock still lacks all the rolls.
The lock looks somewhat ready.
It looks like a primary lock but it could be so much more.
The extra material in mechanism should pay off.
The lock looks very complicated.
It looks very strong, almost impossible to break.
The mechanism is now stronger than before.
The quality of lock is very high but dials could be more sturdy.
The lock looks extremely strong and supreme quality.
The lock looks incredibly strong and of divine quality.

Chest trap desc
---------------
The trap is forming up.
The outer structure looks strong enough.
The mechanism looks somewhat trimmed.
The structure is now sturdy but small in size.
The triggering device looks sophisticated.
It looks like a basic trap but it could be so much more.
It is a clever and nasty looking trap.
The trap is complex and more protected against disarming.
It looks very small yet lethal machine.
It is an awesome trap but it could be superb.
It is a superb trap by your standards.

EQ Max cond messages
--------------------
awesome     brand new
incredible  used just a few times
superb      as good as new
excellent   has some small repairs
great       has some minor  fixes
good        been fixed a few times
fine        been fixed several times
battered    patched up a few times
poor        patched up several times

Gem materials and adjectives
----------------------------
Materials:
1 - amethyst, olivine, rhodonite, turquoise, zircon, amber, moonstone.
2 - alexandrite, carnelian, chrysoberyl, malachite, moss agate, opal, quartz, sunstone, topaz
3 - aquamarine
4 - garnet, onyx
5 - bloodstone, jade
6 - pearl
7 - sapphire
8 - ruby
10 - diamond, emerald

Adjectives:
1 - cracked, flawed, shoddy, tiny
2 - chipped, dull, smal
3 - polished, shiny
4 - lovely
5 - gleaming, sparkling
6 - beautiful
7 - large
8 - magnificent
9 - flawless
10 - perfect


Thanks Porter, Atheorist, Taras, Ordos

