cr theero;emote steps up to the stand.
say As you know, Arelium city has seen many orc attacks lately
say women and children are afraid to go outside and crime rates are up.
say To resolve this, we must form a safety patrol to make the streets safe again.
cr theero;say This is exactly why we need safety patrol.
say You can't even fight at Damogran, but that is no reason to think that this attack didn't happen.
say In fact, it only strengthens the idea that all orcs are criminals.
cr audience;emote cheers more.
cr theero;say Yes, ok, so this group needs a name and our officer Thiero is responsible for that.
emote claps as Thiero walks to the front.
cr theero;say Hrii what? Thats not even our language? Why would we take that name?
cr theero;say Whats elune?
cr theero;shout So why would we take that stupid name?
cr theero;emote sighs deeply
say Ok, so we are Hrii of Elune.
cr theero;say Even that would have been better.
emote shakes his head.
say Whatever..
say If you all have time, we could do a little walk right now?
cr audience;emote start to nod in approving manner.
cr theero;say We could walk to central square and then to south crossing.
cr theero;say Sure, we can visit orphans and then walk to central square and finally to south crossing.
cr theero;emote wiggles his bottom.
say Ok guys, I mean soldiers, lets make a line with three men in row.
cr men;emote bump into eath other until they form acceptable 3x3 formation.
cr guards;emote watch as group leaves toward the orphanarium.
cr theero;emote breaths heavily.
say But its hard work, I ain't cut for this walking thing.
cr theero;say Let's continue to central square.
cr central;emote square is full of people, they seem angry.
cr as;emote patrol arrives, people start to shout at them.
cr somebody;shout There they are!
emote shouts "Bandits!" and shakes his fist.
cr theero;say Whoa, whoa! We ain't no bandits, we are the um.. safety patrol.
cr somebody;shout You've been killing Arelium citizens every other day.
cr theero;emote scratches his ear.
say Well, I don't think it's that often..
shout Why are you accusing us? Real threat is those god damn ORCS!"
cr theero;say That did not go well.
cr lorc;emote orc walks out from the forest.
emote orc shouts 'I HAVE FRENZY ON TRY TO AVOID ME!'
cr horc;emote orc says 'Postakaite kripov v lesu.'
cr theero;say Thiero, did you get that?
cr horc;emote orc says 'Rasslabtes, vse normalno.'
cr lorc;emote orc says 'Udachi.'
cr oarcher;emote archer fires burning arrow that hits Teerhhi in the head.
cr theero;shout Shit!
shout I killed three orcs.
say But, they killed many of our men.
cr twoorcs;emote orcs surround Teerho and hack him to pieces.
cr theero;emote runs toward orcs and jump-kicks Hairy orc to the ground.
emote swings his sword and cuts Hairy orcs head off.
cr forc;emote orc slashes Theero in the back and he falls down.
cr theero;say Did you get them?
cr theero;say I don't feel so good.
cr there;emote is big open wound in his back.
cr arelium;emote Central Square, Laenor.
cr you;emote guess it's around 10 o'clock.
cr citizen3;say It's been very peaceful since we kicked those bandits out.
cr shopkeeper;say Yeah, and orc attacks stopped.
cr citizen3;say I heard there is bunch of corpses down at the South Crossing.
cr shopkeeper;say Good, bloodthirsty assholes should fight each other and leave us alone.
cr the;emote end
